---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awx_notification_template Resource - terraform-provider-awx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource awx_notification_template manages notification templates within an AWX organization.
---

# awx_notification_template (Resource)

Resource `awx_notification_template` manages notification templates within an AWX organization.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the notification template.
- `notification_type` (String) The type of notification template.
- `organization_id` (String) The organization ID to associate with the notification template.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the notification template.
- `messages` (Block Set) The description of the notification template. Options are `started`, `success`, `error`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--messages))
- `notification_configuration` (Block Set) Notification configuration settings based on the notification type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_configuration))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--messages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `messages`

Optional:

- `error` (Map of String) The message to send when the job starts.
- `started` (Map of String) The message to send when the job starts.
- `success` (Map of String) The message to send when the job starts.


<a id="nestedblock--notification_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_configuration`

Optional:

- `account_sid` (String) Twilio account SID
- `account_token` (String) Twilio account token
- `channels` (List of String) The Slack channel(s) to send notifications to.
- `client_name` (String) PagerDuty client name
- `disable_ssl_verification` (Boolean)
- `from_number` (String) Twilio from number
- `grafana_key` (String) Grafana API key
- `grafana_url` (String) Grafana URL
- `headers` (Map of String) The headers to include in the webhook request.
- `hex_color` (String)
- `host` (String) SMTP server hostname.
- `http_method` (String) The HTTP method to use when sending the webhook request.
- `mattermost_no_verify_ssl` (Boolean)
- `mattermost_url` (String) The Mattermost URL.
- `nickname` (String)
- `password` (String) HTTP or SMTP password.
- `port` (Number) SMTP or IRC server port.
- `recipients` (List of String) The email address(es) to send notifications to.
- `rocketchat_no_verify_ssl` (Boolean)
- `rocketchat_url` (String) The RocketChat URL.
- `sender` (String) The email address to send notifications from.
- `server` (String) The IRC server hostname.
- `service_key` (String) PagerDuty service key
- `subdomain` (String) PagerDuty subdomain
- `targets` (List of String) The IRC channel(s) to send notifications to.
- `timeout` (Number) SMTP server timeout.
- `to_numbers` (List of String) Twilio to numbers
- `token` (String) Slack or PagerDuty authentication token.
- `url` (String) The HTTP webhook URL.
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Use SSL for IRC or SMTP connections.
- `use_tls` (Boolean) Use TLS for SMTP connections.
- `username` (String) HTTP or SMTP username.
